Clarify 3.0 note about serial ports (#13627)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md

## SerialPort for Linux

> .NET Core 3.0 have basic support for <xref:System.IO.Ports.SerialPort?displayProperty=nameWithType> on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET Core 3.0 provides basic support for <xref:System.IO.Ports.SerialPort?displayProperty=nameWithType> on Linux.
```

Previously, .NET Core only supported using `SerialPort` on Windows.

> Please refer to https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/33146 for information on limitations.

Reviewer: Changing this to our standard verbage

```suggestion
For more information about the limited support for the serial port on Linux, see [GitHub issue #33146](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/33146).
```
